README.md, before:

# The-Note-Taker
Challenge 11



## Description
My name is Jeremiah and I will be creating an application called the Note Taker. The application  can be used to save notes and used to write. My application will be used by Express.js backend and will retrieve note data from a JSON file.

## Visuals

Below is the screenshots of my note taker application. As you can see I saved some notes I needed to save for later. The saved notes is a helpful reminder tool to use.

![Image1](./public/Assets/images/ScreenShot1.png)


Below is the results of my recently created notes. I saved the information and it was successfully saved for me to view later.

![Image2](./public/Assets/images/ScreenShot2.png)




## Authors and Acknowledgment
I would like to thank my instructors for the advice and extra tips to help me locate the problems that are needed to be solved to make an application function correctly. I found the error in my code and I would not have been able to find that without the help of my tutor.

<br>

README is maintained by Jeremiah Warren, followed by the [The-Note-Taker](https://github.com/Jwarren619/The-Note-Taker) and hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/Jwarren619).

Commit message:

updated my readme with added more features

README.md, after:

# The-Note-Taker


## Description
I will be creating an application called the Note Taker. The application  can be used to save notes and used to write. My application will be used by Express.js backend and will retrieve note data from a JSON file.

## Installation
My Delpoyed link is below:
[The-Note-Taker](https://github.com/Jwarren619/The-Note-Taker)
```
My Point Of Reference:
```
1 - When I open the Note Taker, then I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page.

2 - When I click on the link to the notes page, then I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column.

3 - When I enter a new note title and the note’s text, then a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page.

4 - When I click on the Save icon, then the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes.

5 - When I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column, then that note appears in the right-hand column.

6 - When I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page, then I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

## Visuals

Below is the screenshots of my note taker application. As you can see I saved some notes I needed to save for later. The saved notes is a helpful reminder tool to use.

![Image1](./public/Assets/images/ScreenShot1.png)


Below is the results of my recently created notes. I saved the information and it was successfully saved for me to view later.

![Image2](./public/Assets/images/ScreenShot2.png)




## Authors and Acknowledgment
I would like to thank my instructors for the advice and extra tips to help me locate the problems that are needed to be solved to make an application function correctly. I found the error in my code and I would not have been able to find that without the help of my tutor.

<br>


 For questions please contact: 
  - Jeremiah Warren 
  - Email: Jjeremiahwarren@yahoo.com
  - Deplayed Link:[The-Note-Taker](https://github.com/Jwarren619/The-Note-Taker)
  - GitHub Username: Jwarren619
  - GitHub Profile: https://github.com/Jwarren619
